Streamline "Getting Started" some more. (#1286)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/building/how-to-build-and-run.md

workflows"](./suggested.md) below.

Note that this whole command just gives you a subset of the full `rustc`
build. The **full** `rustc` build (what you get with `./x.py build
--stage 2 compiler/rustc`) has quite a few more steps:

- Build `rustc` with the stage1 compiler.
  - The resulting compiler here is called the "stage2" compiler.
- Build `std` with stage2 compiler.
- Build `librustdoc` and a bunch of other things with the stage2 compiler.

You almost never need to do this.

## Build specific components

If you are working on the standard library, you probably don't need to build

> the compiler unless you are planning to use a recently added nightly feature.

Author: Ok, I'll leave it as is.

> Instead, you can just build stage 0, which uses the current beta compiler.

Reviewer: I don't think it makes sense to say "build stage 0", it's always either downloaded or pre-installed. "build with stage 0" is what you meant, but I think it's simpler just to leave stages out of it.
```suggestion
Instead, you can just build using the bootstrap compiler.
```

Author: Ok.
